hey this is sonic som 1c and today i'm
bringing you sonic synopsis 78 on 1z
glass polish glass pop this glass
polished product is designed to remove
hard water spots and imperfections in
glass windshields and mirror surfaces so
glass polish can be applied by hand or
by machine I've tested both methods and
I'm going to go ahead and show you the
results of this product
you
here's the afterafter machine polishing
still a ton of water spots the part of
edges you to shake well before use
so this was the second application under
this window my hand here's the after on
the hand polish window hunter to polish
applications here's the control window
no polishing has occurred it's been
washed with a chemical washing gloss so
what does one Z ions eyeglass polish
claim to do at 999 retail this product
claims to not only remove hard water
spots and imperfections and glass
windshields and mirror surfaces but also
claims to reduce fine scratches and
glass remove deep grime and dirt improve
wiper blade performance and it was
designed for hand and machine use so
overall I think this is a bad product it
doesn't do what it claims to do the only
reason I picked up this product is
because we had some hard water spots to
remove on this Dodge Ram and should be
blunt it didn't remove the water spots
it did not perform it didn't get the job
done sure the results were a little bit
better by machine but I mean that's
expected there's a lot more power behind
the machine and higher rpms and then
polishing my hand you did minor results
at best but there's still an very
obvious hard water spots all over the
window and yeah both of these are
improved over doing nothing but you know
this isn't a product you should pay for
this you should look elsewhere if you're
looking for a glass polish
another gripe I have with the product is
the fact that I don't like these metal
containers they look cool there's a nice
little novelty but odds are they're
gonna rust over time if you keep the
product for a while
they're very flimsy you can watch I can
just squeeze this in minor pressure
shouldn't I don't like that at all and
for ten dollars at five ounces 150
milliliters that's not a lot of product
and love that little product it doesn't
perform well and it smells terrible
strong solvent paint thinner similar to
that and about the only thing I like
about this product is the color because
it matches spot-on with a black fire and
I like that product can you see my head